slide 1

bg #f2f2f2
color: #444444

‘Respect Championship’* is an initiative of Sportsmentor to unearth & nurture hidden sports talents across the country and train them for Youth olympics 2018. Sportsmentor is a school sports education company co-founded by Sachin, Sehwag & Ramky.

25,000 students from 2500 schools participated in the event which was conducted in 11 regions over 4 months.

*Sportsmentor partnered with ASISC in few regions

-----------------------------

slide 2 (branding)

bg #081117
color white
heading blue color #00d8ff
heading blue dull color #00537e
content dull color #262b2f

branding

objective 1
To create a good looking brand which students will be proud to be associated with. In India, we hardly find any sporting events for students that’s done with style.

objective 2
To create a strong brand recognition for ‘Respect’ as well as ‘SportsMentor’ among the schools & the students.

strategy
To start off with a maximum visibility of ‘Respect’, playing low key with ‘Sportsmentor’ and turn it vice-versa by the end of the event.

Respect > Sportsmentor
Respect = Sportsmentor
Respect < Sportsmentor

Pre-eventbranding
During-eventbranding
Post-eventbranding


The event is majorily sponsored by ‘SportsMentor’ and no doubt we wanted to gain mileage.We decided to adopt our basic ideology as out strategy - ‘Respect is born out of cheer good will so let’s put it 1st over everything, Make it happen, Go big and show what Sportsmentor is capable of.’


-----------------------------

slide 3 (identity)

bg #f2f2f2
color #444444
heading color #a9a9a9
heading red - #f56a6a
heading blue color #3d97b8
border line color #b7b7b7
content light grey #b4b4b4

identity
The idea was to go for a very simple, bold & sustainable logo design as we wanted the logo to live a little longer so that we can just dress it up differently for each edition.

We came up with random broken pieces of particle in 2 styles - flat & 3d. These elements were used across all design collaterals. It brought in the vibrance to the otherwise conservative design.

Logo variations
With the event being conducted in/for 11 regions we inserted the region name(s) and made logo variations to be used respectively. The master logo was commonly used on designcollaterals & for the National finals.

The regions covered were Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, A.P, Kerala, M.H-M.P-Goa, W.B-North east, Odisha-Chattisgarh, Gujarat, Bihar-Jharkhand, Nothern India


slide 4 (pre event)

bg #111a21
content top #c9c9c9
content bottom #9a9a9a

Pre-event activities
As suggested by our strategy, we kicked off our campaign with maximum branding for ‘Respect’ and played subtle but gracefully with ’Sportsmentor’

These were the first 2 posters with which we launched the campaign. These were used as ad materials for newspapers/magazines and also distributed to the schools to put up on their notice boards

Sports centric posters
Following the launch we came up with  a series of Sports-centric posters which served as both advertising & informational materials

The colour palette was conciously chosen to work separately as well as together. Often, it’s all pinned up together on the notice board.

We made notepads, document sleeves and other simple stationery for the pre-event press meets & orientation programmes for the organisers. The covers of these materials were shouting ‘Respect’ whereas the watermark on the sheets inside were of ‘Sportsmentor’.

Milkha Singh & Unmukt Chand launched Respect and at this event we brought in ‘Sportsmentor’ but still stayed subtle giving space for ’Respect’ to take over the attention. But Sportsmentor was noticed.


slide 5 (during event)

bg #f2f2f2
heading red - #f56a6a
color #444444
heading dark blue #186098
heading grey #898989

During-event Activities
‘SportsMentor’ started to share equal space along side ‘Respect’ once the events started to roll out.

We had a cheer mascot designed and had few of those around the venue throughout the event

Venue Branding
A Boards, feather flags, & shades were our main focus to set a look for the venue.

A boards
A-boards being the major branding elements we wanted to milk the maximum out of it and came up with 2 sets of designs - one for Sportsmentor & the other for the sponsors.

With the 1st set we chose values/ideas which Sportsmentor as an initiative aims to shape the students with.

The 2nd set was conceptualised for the potential sponsors and we made a pitch.These were all pitches and we ended up using just few of these and not all.

The alternate installation worked well with contrasting colours crediting eachother.

Badges were distributed to the students & also used by the umpires, refrees & management staff.

shade sheds

Identity cards

Winner's cape

In addition to the certificates & trophies we presented the winners with a super-hero cape.The idea is to give something that’s remembered, stand’s out & one will be protective of.





slide 6 (post event activities)

bg #0e151a
color #e9e9e9
heading yellow #ffe71f

Post-event Activities

After the event we prepared a package to send out to all the participant schools. Something that is personalised to each school. An effort to not just make them remember Sportsmentor but gain their respect.

This was the package design with Sportsmentor ruling over ‘Respect’

A certificate printed on a premium paper(with canvas knurling) and framed in wood.

A personalised poster with the photo & testimonial of the Principal along side testimonials of Sachin & Sehwag. This we thought would be a something the Head of school would preserve.

An academic calendar which dates from Jun-Jun with a countdown for ‘Respect’ Starting from May.

Sports themed Bookmarks for the students

Badges for the Students


